# /SHARED
- These files govern the tileset image, tiles, tile dimensions, lcd dimensions, and display framerate.

# DEFINITIONS:
- VRAM tile index   
  - The tile on the screen indicated by x,y.
- VRAM 1D tile index
  - VRAM start index for x,y. Has 3 values for each x.
- Tile coords       
  - x and y coords of a tile relative to it's tileset image and the tile dimensions. 
  - x and y need to be multiplied by tileWidth and tileHeight respectively.  

# FILES (Required by this script):
tileCoords.json
- Used to determine the region of the tileset image is used by the named tile.
  - Object of key/value pairs. 
  - Key is the tile name (as string).
  - NOTE: Numbers and space are prefixed with "n".
  - Value is object having keys "L" and "T".
    - "L" and "T" indicate how many tiles from the left or the top of the image to get the starting point of the tile.

config.json
  - Keeps settings for the app.
  - Key "lcd" contains the data for the tiles, tileset image, and dimensions.

# FILES (generated by this script):
coordsByIndex.json
- Provide the VRAM tile index to get the x, y coordinates.
  - 2D array. Each y row consists of x arrays each having:
    - index 0: y tile coord.
	- index 1: x tile coord.
	- index 2: VRAM 1D array start index index. 
	- index 3: VRAM tile index based on y and x. 
      - Example: if there are 30 rows and 30 columns then there are 900 VRAM tile index.
      - Example: if there are 30 rows and 30 columns then there are 2700 VRAM 1D indexes.

indexByCoords.json
- Used to determine the VRAM 1D array index by providing the y and x coordinate.
  - Object of key/value pairs. 
  - Key is the index (as string).
  - Value is the x,y coordinate in the form of [x, y].

tileIdsByTilename.json
- tileIdsByTilename

tilenamesByIndex.json
- tilenamesByIndex
